happily
the students of the social sciences
finally insists
the debut in the program
extra that in training I laugh a lot I like them now I want to
I must speak then tried to run away
I was preparing this last block
each
they go out a cornea more people
program has been demonstrated its reach and more
in the competitor during the turn of the wonderful legs will also have been
like zamora and turkish it's amazing to nibble on safe team sports
says never
would be an ode to the best of seven competitor your father of each has his
origin in the second of the pp has a higher dimensions of the processing of
girl
him but his strong this brought the legs
I also very attractive with the work of the points if that what I'm seeing
that part enrique morente hours is very good and very effective that happened
also p deadly rail combinations
Peking damage is not allowed to very particular not
the ounce the continent each
p reformed in k1 those that stand out crowd that is shown álvarez has
highlighted doing something different working with a little more distance
i with a lot of effort
is what we were talking about the followers themselves
where you start to produce a function of the different styles of
make a historic cut in the end of the 60s with certainty to our
first world tournaments
there in the United States california
finally he will compete for karate
a pub against Ecuador in the collection of people one of the people who
made a difference and only five times world champion zack chatino for his
because it introduced them a style that until then was little
known in the united states i in that style works everything just I perceive
worked or works what alternative
in the clear category how to kick as hit while alicante monvar
seemed to be between the cnt and the opportune diligences of cuts to
kicks
and the head of the júcar
but the r8 I think the head then at 1 70 if you do it stops you 34 years of
age with best style of the girlfriend of this one
let's say that silver in his last as we competed 24 years raised 1 with
kind of competition not old either
but Alberto woke up without definition all over the world i
really works for the spokespersons have agreed for what we're going to remember to
zero as the capacity is called in others has not issued in the chalet the
urbanization of 2008 from the fake
maybe you have the network it's about your sonic states
founder of the band
as we see very good fist bump is also very good with the
fists
i
that definition as how these meshes will happen where
the rival was what he did not totally hunt bcr
I do not think of me fame
he did not put his hands and the worker and we repeat it
they are songs more someday we have detected it from the 12th floor of the
meter that he referred would be cute
efe